== ZONE TILER

Zone Tiler is a Ruby library which tiles tiles. That's what it does!

== HOW TO

Place zone_tiler.rb inside your lib folder of your project,
i.e.

  [ROOT]/lib

require zone_tiler

  require "zone_tiler.rb"

use zone_tiler

  originalPicturePath = "picture_1.jpg"
  destinationPath = "picture_1_tiles/" # will be created
  maxZoom = ZoneTiler::build_tiles( originalPicturePath, destinationPath )
  # tile from 0..maxZoom will be built inside destinationPath

when you're bored

  ZoneTiler::delete_tiles( destinationPath )

== DEPENDANCIES

This library makes use of:

  RMagick

Please check your RMagick installation. (On ubuntu: sudo apt-get install librmagick-ruby, otherwise: gem install rmagick.)

== WHAT'S IN

This library has two static methods: build_tiles and delete_tiles. It has three constants: TILE_SIZE, BACKGROUND_COLOR and FORMAT. By default they are:

  TILE_SIZE = 256
  BACKGROUND_COLOR = "#DDDDDD"
  FORMAT = "jpg"

You can alter them in the library.


== Bugs

If you find a bug, please report it at the zone_tiler project's
{issues tracker}[https://github.com/ilcorsaronero/zone_tiler/issues] on github.

== License

zone_tiler is Copyright (c) 2012 by Antonio Passamani <ilcorsaronero@gmail.com>. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in
LICENSE.txt.

== Warranty

This software is provided "as is" and without any express or implied
warranties, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of
merchantibility and fitness for a particular purpose.

